[All Hosts] (browsers) IE can no longer open Office on the web (#2952)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/support-ie-11.md

>
> Microsoft is ending support for Internet Explorer, but this doesn't significantly affect Office Add-ins. Some combinations of platforms and Office versions, including all one-time-purchase versions through Office 2019, will continue to use the webview control that comes with Internet Explorer 11 to host add-ins, as explained in [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). Moreover, support for these combinations, and hence for Internet Explorer, is still required for add-ins submitted to [AppSource](/office/dev/store/submit-to-appsource-via-partner-center). Two things *are* changing:
>

> > - Office on the web will no longer open in Internet Explorer. Consequently, AppSource no longer tests add-ins in Office on the web using Internet Explorer as the browser. But AppSource still tests for combinations of platform and Office *desktop* versions that use Internet Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Office on the web no longer opens in Internet Explorer. Consequently, AppSource no longer tests add-ins in Office on the web using Internet Explorer as the browser. But AppSource still tests for combinations of platform and Office *desktop* versions that use Internet Explorer.
```
